add examples with contribution instructions (#7)
ddd-crew/core-domain-charts: README.md

![alt text](resources/architecture-migration-core-domain-chart.jpg "Architecture Migration Core Domain Chart")

## Examples

> Check out the [Examples](/examples). Please feel free to create a pull request with your own suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [Examples](/examples) to get a better understanding of these charts. 

Own examples via a pull request are very welcome!
```

Author: Thanks.
